hi beauty junkie in London readers I'm
Holly Willoughby for oral-b it's Reedy
white luxe and I'm here to tell you
about my beauty tips I can't leave the
house without a brilliant lip balm
sizzly to a gorgeous little pink
possibly loveliness which is brilliant
in the winter because it stops you
getting chapped lips and it's brilliant
in the summer because it's got an SPF in
there as well I'd say mascara in my
handbag I love mascara I'm not one of
these people that can just put on a
toilet I like if I'm wearing it then I
want to look like I'm wearing it so
layer it right up one of the kind of Max
Factor's the stars because there's such
a good price and I can just use it and
use it use it and finally I would have
to say my flick eyeliner probably
Lancome do a really nice one it's also a
felt tip end
bloom something rather than you are I
think but that's really good that's kind
of helps you make a steady line to say
that I think my all-time classic beauty
tip is eyelash curlers I think everybody
looks better when they curl their
eyelashes just because it opens up your
eyes and it sort of makes your face look
brighter so I'd say that and a good way
to do it is to give your eyelash colors
a quick glass with the hairdryer just
heat them up a little bit to be careful
you don't burn your eyelids and then
tell them
probably my earliest beauty memory was
going into my mum's the dressing-table
and opening those drawings and they're
just being like oh like a gold light of
lipstick and eye shadows and all sorts
of stuff and I just remember getting all
my mum's lipsticks and trying them on
and just putting them all over my face
and then going downstairs and her not
being best impressed with me but me
thinking I'd achieved the greatest thing
in the world by smothering myself in
lipstick